TRAVEL EXPENSES REIMBURSEMENT POLICY (2017)


Certain expenses incurred by volunteers traveling to WMRRA races will be reimbursed by 
WMRRA upon request.  Travelers are asked to keep costs to a minimum, and MUST present 
all receipts when submitting a claim for reimbursement, unless otherwise noted.

This policy states the rules on what types and what amounts of expenses are 
reimbursable. The Race Director and race day Treasurer are the only persons authorized 
to make exceptions to this policy. Reasonable exceptions will usually be made when a 
need is demonstrated, and the expenses are generally within these guidelines.

The preferred method of payment is for travelers to pay the expenses themselves, and 
seek reimbursement from the Treasurer. If other arrangements are desired, consult the 
Treasurer in advance: Neil Heineman - treasurer@wmrra.com.

(1)  All Shelton events are covered for travel expenses. 

(2)  Hotel/motel charges will be reimbursed for the actual amount of the expense, up 
to a maximum of $45.00 per person per night (2016 season). Room sharing is encouraged, resulting in 
full payment in most cases. Only eligible race day volunteers will count when figuring 
$45.00 per person. Shelton 2-day events allow up to three nights lodging. However, 
special circumstances will be evaluated at Treasurers discretion on a per occurrence 
basis.

(3)  Actual fuel expenses for passenger vehicles will be reimbursed up to $90.00 per 
vehicle (round trip) for a non-racing volunteer traveling more than 100 miles and not 
traveling with a racer.  However, there is 100% reimbursement of fuel for any 
volunteer pulling or hauling WMRRA race equipment to the track.

(4)  For RV's used as lodging while at the event, the actual fuel expenses will be 
reimbursed up to the combined amount allowed in paragraphs 2 and 3, for the number of 
volunteers using the RV.

(5)  Food and beverages consumed while in-transit are NOT reimbursable. During race 
days, food and beverages are provided by WMRRA to all volunteers at no charge. Any 
other food reimbursements must be approved by the Race Director or race day Treasurer.

(6)  All actual truck rental and fuel expenses for the vehicle used to transport 
WMRRA's race equipment will be paid by WMRRA (no maximums apply).

(7)  Persons eligible for travel reimbursement are as follows:
	 Race Director
	 Course Marshall
	 Referee
	 Starter, Assistant Starter, Crash-truck Drivers, and Crash-truck Assistants,
	 and Track Setup/Teardown personnel as approved by the Race Director
	 All corner workers approved by the corner crew chief (see paragraph 9)
	 Radio Management
	 Radio Control
	 Chief Tech Inspector
	 Announcer
	 All Registration personnel, as approved by the Head Registrar (see paragraph 9)
	 All Scoring personnel, as approved by the Head Scorer (see paragraph 9)
	 Race day Treasurer
	 Admission Gate Personnel
	 Pit Steward & Assistant
	 Corner Captain
	 Pit Gate

(9) The Race Director, the Course Marshall, Referee and Crash-truck Driver(s) may be 
reimbursed for 100% of actual fuel used due to at-track vehicle usage. This is in 
addition to any in transit fuel reimbursed under paragraph 3.